[Music]
hey it might seem like today
nothing's easier than doing the laundry
he just toss your well-worn clothing
into a washing machine and in no time it
comes out clean right well well I can't
argue with this approach there are
several tips that can make your laundry
day much more fun for example I always
put wet wipes into the washing machine
before stuffing my clothes inside and I
do it for a reason if you have a pet or
love dark clothing you're definitely
familiar with this irritating problem
you put your squeaky clean clothes out
of the washing machine and what do you
see right there covered in fluff and
animal hair all over and that's exactly
why I wash my stuff together with wet
wipes take several wipes put them in the
washing machine and load your laundry
during the process the whites will be
moving around the washing machines drum
and collect fluff and hairs but despite
the simplicity of this method pay
attention to these crucial points never
use the same whites twice don't choose
scented wet wipes otherwise your clothes
can absorb the smell wet wipes should be
dense enough to not tear inside the
machine the best idea is to use
antibacterial wet wipes if you haven't
found scentless wet wipes use some
fabric softener it'll neutralize the
smell use no more than three wet wipes
at a time it's a pretty cool trick that
can make your laundry results much more
satisfying but that's not the only tip I
have for you today put 2 dishwasher
tablets into the drum of your washing
machine and run a hot cycle with a
machine empty this way you'll get rid of
microbes dirt and even limescale
coca-cola can help you get rid of
bloodstains you can soak the soil piece
of clothing in the soda overnight for
the best result however it might not be
the best idea to use this method for
white gloves put a couple of tennis
balls into the washing machine whenever
you wash your down jackets the balls
will keep the down fluffed up
and they'll also remove all the foam
besides you can add two or three tennis
balls into the dryer together with
pillows comforters and whatnot they'll
help your linen dry faster and remain
fluffy and nice remember to make sure to
use clean tennis balls also you can wrap
them in old socks so that the green
fluffiness doesn't stick to your clothes
add two cups of strong coffee or tea
when you wash black clothes these drinks
act as a natural dye that will revive
and strengthen the items original color
throw some ice cubes into the dryer and
you'll get rid of wrinkles on your
clothes at the same time don't use too
many ice cubes and don't fill your dryer
to the brim with too many pieces of
clothing use balls made of aluminum foil
the fight's static buildup in the dryer
one aluminum ball can serve you for
about half a year before you have to
switch to a new one your bed linen and
clothes will be a lot softer if you put
several neutral colored balls of wool
into the dryer even if you've
accidentally washed your load of whites
with a bright red sock and let's admit
it these things happen even to the best
of us you still have a chance to save
your clothes mix a solution of warm
water and baking soda with half a cup of
detergent and half a cup of salt and
soak your ruined clothes in the solution
before putting them in the dryer if
everything goes well you'll get your
stuff back as snow white as before
cornstarch comes in handy when you need
to deal with grease stains apply it
directly on the dirty spot and leave it
there for a couple of minutes after that
put a clean thin cloth on the grease
stain and iron with high heat all the
oil will get absorbed by the cornstarch
you can use chalk to remove grease
stains as well rub a bit of chalk into
the dirty spot and wash the item as
usual
also to make grease stains disappear you
can use dish detergent apply it on the
dirty spot and rub until it gets all
bubbly after that throw the item into
the washing machine and yet another way
to get rid of brief stains is artificial
sweetener didn't expect that one did you
just sprinkle it on a fresh brief spot
and then blot until all the evidence of
your pizza dinner is gone wait a minute
pizza and you didn't invite me ever
wonder where all those lost socks went I
don't know either
but I know a great way to prevent them
from disappearing put the socks of each
family member in their own lingerie bag
these bags will later go through the
washing machine and the dryer without a
single sock getting lost
shirts tend to collect all your body oil
on their collars but this isn't a
problem as long as you remember that
shampoo is just the thing to get rid of
rings around the collar to prevent the
colors of your new clothes from fading
add half a cup of salt before washing
them while washing your towels or some
vinegar in the fabric softener cut it'll
effectively replace dryer sheets a
handful of aspirin thrown in with a load
of whites will brighten the clothing and
remove yellow stains and that headache
it gave you half a cup of white vinegar
will save dark denim from fading to
prevent mold and mildew from growing
inside your washing machine boo
put half a cup of borax which is a
natural alkaline mineral salt together
with your laundry load borax is also
effective when you need to get rid of
tough stains left by grass coffee and
markers put a stained piece of clothing
in a solution made of one cup of warm
water and half a cup of borax let it
soak for an hour then wash want to know
the best thing about this method it's
safe even for the most delicate fabrics
to get rid of pet smells on your
clothing boo mix a cup of laundry
detergent with a half a cup of vinegar
and wash as you always do when your
jeans rub against other clothes in the
machine they gradually lose their color
to minimize this unwanted effect turn
your jeans inside out before putting
them in the washer if a piece of
clothing comes out of the washing
machine with a stain still on it don't
put it in the dryer otherwise the heat
will set the stain and it will be way
harder to get rid of it both hand
sanitizer and hair spray are powerful
solvents that can help you to remove ink
stains from your clothes saturate the
stain with one of these products leave
it this way for about 10 minutes and
then wash as usual slice a lemon or two
and toss the pieces into a pot of water
boil the water turn off the heat and put
your white clothing that's become dull
into the pot leave it to soak for an
hour then wash as usual however you
should make sure that the particular
fabric can withstand the heat if your
jeans have grass stains on them mix two
tablespoons of hydrogen peroxide with
one tablespoon of dish soap apply this
mixture on the grass stains let it sit
then wash your jeans as usual to get rid
of annoyingly yellow armpit stains on
your clothing sponge the affected area
with a solution made of table salt and
hot water then wash as you always do
also you can pour a solution of equal
parts water and hydrogen peroxide on the
sweat stains and leave it for a half an
hour before washing but do not use this
method on colored clothes rubbing some
white vinegar directly into the armpit
stains before washing is another
effective way to make your clothing
spotless again and that closes this
segment on clothes so how about you do
you know any other laundry tips you can
share then let me know down in the
comments if you learned something new
today then give this video a like and
share it with a friend but hey don't go
kicking those stains in the butt just
yet we have over 2,000 cool videos for
you to check out right here so all you
have to do is pick the left or right
video click on it and enjoy stay on the
bright side of life